
This is GNU-barcode. The latest release can be downloaded from ftp.gnu.org
and mirrors:
	ftp://ftp.gnu.org/pub/gnu/barcode/

The package is meant to solve most needs in barcode creation with a
conventional printer. It can create printouts for the conventional
product tagging standards: UPC-A, UPC-E, EAN-13, EAN-8, ISBN, as well
as a few other formats. Ouput is generated as either Postscript or
Encapsulated Postscript (other back-ends may be added if needed).

The package is released as both a library and a command-line frontend,
so that you can include barcode-generation into your application.  The
program is released in the hope that is proves useful but without any
warranty, according to the GPL Licence (see ./COPYING).

If you're specifically interested in making an ISBN (Bookland EAN)
symbol, you might try to get "bookland.py" by Judah Milgram
(http://www.cgpp.com/bookland/, whose version 0.06 is also included in
the directory "bookland" within this package, for your convenience).
While my main target is flexibility his main target is strict
adherence to the standards. Bookland is free software like the barcode
library and will probabily have its role in the GNU project.
Bookland.py is a self-documenting program, you'll enjoy browsing its
source code.

Please take the "no-warranty" disclaimer seriously: even though I
spent reasonable efforts to make sure the output is useable in
production you should verify it suits your needs as a faulty bar can
cost you a bundle, and you'll be on your own. It's up to you to verify
that the symbol is valid (and, obviously, I'd like to know about any
problem you encounter). [This paragraph copied verbatim from bookland.py]

I would like to thank both Judah Milgram and Michele Comitini
(mcm@glisco.it) for their help with this tool, as well as Jim Westveer
for introducing me to Debian packaging.

There is a mailing list where development is coordinated, called
barcode@prosa.it . To get subscribed you should
	echo subscribe | mail barcode-request@prosa.it
or anything equivalent.

/alessandro (rubini@gnu.org)

